Engage-fying Workouts (#2734)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/python-core/control-flow-i/if-statements.md

> # If...else statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If...else Statements
```

# If...else statements

---

## Content

> The flow of the program depends on the order in which individual commands are executed—control flow statements like `if...else` allow us to manage the order using conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flow of the program depends on the order in which individual commands are executed. Control flow statements like `if...else` allow us to manage the order using conditions.
```

Should these be two sentences, or?

The `if` statement can be extended to include a *catch-all*, `else`, that will be executed if the condition is not met.

```python
num = 1
if num == 0:
    print("Zero")
else:
    print("Positive number")
```

The code above will print `'Positive number'`.

> > Note that the single `=` is used for assigning values to variables, and the double `==` for comparison. There are several different *comparison operators*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 A single `=` is used for assigning values to variables, and the double `==` for comparison. There are several different *comparison operators*.
```

Instead of saying the word "Note", we can use the 💡 emoji. Most of our notes have been converted to have an emoji on start. 💡, ❗, and so on, depending on the context of the note
